{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Personality:
\f1\b0  A reflective and grounded individual with a natural sense of leadership. I thrive in collaborative settings where structure meets creativity, and I bring a calm yet driven energy to every project I take on.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Knowledge:
\f1\b0  With a background in computer engineering and hands-on experience across software, electronics, and design, I approach problems with both analytical precision and creative intuition. I enjoy bridging technical systems with real-world human context.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Goals:
\f1\b0  To grow as a developer and project lead who builds meaningful, well-crafted solutions. I aim to combine technology, ethics, and aesthetics \'97 creating projects that not only work well, but feel right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\
PORTFOLIO\
Autonomous Robot (ROS2)\
Designed and programmed a small robot that can navigate on its own in a simulated environment. Focus on movement, sensing, and behavior logic.\
\
Pomodoro Phone Box\
A physical focus box that locks away your phone during work sessions. Designed in Fusion 360 and built with a microcontroller and 3D-printed parts.\
\
Receipt \uc0\u8594  Recipe (AI Web App)\
A clean, simple web app where a photographed receipt is turned into meal suggestions. The AI works in the background while the interface stays minimal.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 EXPERIENCE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 President \'97 Salsa & Sunday
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 Led and developed a recurring social dance community focused on inclusion, atmosphere, and building a welcoming environment for new and experienced dancers.\

\f0\b \strokec2 Board Member \'97 Lindholmens Makerspace
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 Actively contributed to the local makerspace community by supporting project collaboration, organizing open workshop sessions, and helping maintain a shared creative environment for technical and artistic work.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 Carpenter \'97 Construction & Renovation Work
\f1\b0 \
Worked hands-on with building and renovation projects. Learned to make practical decisions when time, materials, and budget are limited. Built a strong sense of precision, responsibility, and finishing what you start. Experienced working both independently and in team settings.\
\

\f0\b Intern \'97 Volvo Cars
\f1\b0 \
Coordinated vehicles for different teams and development groups. Matched car specifications to each team\'92s needs and ensured the right cars were ready at the right time. Learned to communicate across departments, keep track of many moving parts, and work responsibly in a large industrial environment.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 EDUCATION\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Chalmers University of Technology \'97 BSc Computer Engineering (2023\'96ongoing)
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 Focus on systems, programming, embedded computing, and software engineering.\

\f0\b \strokec2 TalTech (Exchange Term, 2025)
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 Courses in Robotics (ROS2), Rapid Prototyping, Machine Learning, and Applied Finance.\

\f0\b \strokec2 Vocational Training \'97 Carpenter / Construction Craft (Completed)
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 Certified carpenter with practical experience in building, planning, material handling, and structured problem-solving in real environments.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
}